[Workers] clarify bindings + envvars + secrets (#13205)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/configuration.md

local_protocol = "http"
```

### Secrets

> When developing your Worker or Pages Functions, create a `.dev.vars` file in the root of your project to define variables that will be used when running `wrangler dev` or `wrangler pages dev`, as opposed to using another environment and `[vars]` in `wrangler.toml`. This works both in the local and remote development modes.

Reviewer: Since you're switching to "secrets" maybe the section's content should also be updated?

```suggestion
When developing your Worker or Pages Functions, create a `.dev.vars` file in the root of your project to define secrets that will be used when running `wrangler dev` or `wrangler pages dev`. This works both in the local and remote development modes.
```

local_protocol = "http"
```

### Secrets

[Secrets](/workers/configuration/secrets/) are a type of binding that allow you to [attach encrypted text values](/workers/wrangler/commands/#secret) to your Worker.

> When developing your Worker or Pages Function, create a `.dev.vars` file in the root of your project to define secrets that will be used when running `wrangler dev` or `wrangler pages dev`, as opposed to using [environment variables in `wrangler.toml`](/workers/configuration/environment-variables/#compare-secrets-and-environment-variables). This works both in the local and remote development modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When developing your Worker or Pages Functions, create a `.dev.vars` file in the root of your project to define secrets that will be used when running `wrangler dev` or `wrangler pages dev`, as opposed to using [environment variables in `wrangler.toml`](/workers/configuration/environment-variables/#compare-secrets-and-environment-variables). This works both in the local and remote development modes.
```

> When developing your Worker or Pages Functions, create a `.dev.vars` file in the root of your project to define secrets that will be used when running `wrangler dev` or `wrangler pages dev`, [as opposed to using another environment and `[vars]` in `wrangler.toml`](/workers/configuration/environment-variables/#compare-secrets-and-environment-variables). This works both in the local and remote development modes.

Author: ```suggestion
When developing your Worker or Pages Functions, create a `.dev.vars` file in the root of your project to define secrets that will be used when running `wrangler dev` or `wrangler pages dev`, [as opposed to using another environment variable and `[vars]` in `wrangler.toml`](/workers/configuration/environment-variables/#compare-secrets-and-environment-variables). This works both in the local and remote development modes.
```

> When developing your Worker or Pages Functions, create a `.dev.vars` file in the root of your project to define secrets that will be used when running `wrangler dev` or `wrangler pages dev`, [as opposed to using another environment variable and `[vars]` in `wrangler.toml`](/workers/configuration/environment-variables/#compare-secrets-and-environment-variables). This works both in the local and remote development modes.

Author: ```suggestion
When developing your Worker or Pages Function, create a `.dev.vars` file in the root of your project to define secrets that will be used when running `wrangler dev` or `wrangler pages dev`, as opposed to using [environment variables in `wrangler.toml`](/workers/configuration/environment-variables/#compare-secrets-and-environment-variables). This works both in the local and remote development modes.
```
